welcome everyone to today's stock market
analysis beginning with the Dow Jones it
simply cannot crack 20,000 points it's
having uh real trouble right now
desperately anxiously anticipating that
20,000 let's keep our eyes on that the
FTS 100 is clearly showing that the UK
has not collapsed since since the vote
for the brexit that's right instead it
has achieved its longest rally since
2011 the pound however not doing so well
in fact it's the worst performing
currency of the G10 very interesting
actually oil is sitting just above $50 a
barrel right now and we're looking at
steel and iron ore essentially you're
looking at raw materials you're looking
at um industrial medals at this time
Rising because of China due to the
fastest pace of growth for a Chinese
producers in 5 years so that is
something to look at wherever there's
simple supply and demand fundamentals
you will see price increases in
anticipation it always happens the
market is always trying to price things
in before they happen and you'll see
that retrace backwards if they realize
they've made a big mistake gold sitting
at 11 85 an ounce as demand may rise
ahead of the Chinese New Year that's
domestic gold consumption right there
and Bitcoin is sitting at
$913 so that's it for today if you found
this video of course informative give me
a thumbs up take care